--------------------------------------------------------
Entity One: district | synoynms are: neighborhood, area, or zone | an entity that is responsible for containing relevant information regarding Chicago's districts with attributes districtname,districtid, and population.

Entity Two: waste | synonyms are: garbage, refuse, and litter | an entity that is responsible for containing all the relevant types of waste that are generated by the city of Chicago.

Entity Three: wastemanagement | synonyms: waste repurposing,waste amenities, and waste processing | an entity responsible for containing all the relevant information with processing waste and recyclables.

Entity Four: wastefacility | synoyms: waste plant, waste resource center, waste processing factory | an entity responsible for containing all the relevant information regarding facility location, unique facility id, and type of waste processed.

---------------------------------------------------------
There are 4 has relationships within this database, The first relates district to the waste it generates, The second relates district to the wastemanagement where the districts waste is shown and how its processed, The third relates wastemanagement to wastefacility where the managed waste is processed. The fourth and final relates district to wastefacility where the district chooses to have their waste processed.

From district to waste, there is many to one. For district to wastemanagement, there is many to one. For wastefacility to wastemanagement, many to one. Finally, for district to waste facility, many to many.  

---------------------------------------------------------
Attributes of district

attribute one: population -> singular maxima | required minima
attribute two: districtname -> singular maxima | required minima
attribute three: id -> unique maxima | required minima

Attributes of waste
attribute one: totalWaste -> singular maxima | required minima
attribute two: organic -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute three: plastic -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute four: metal -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute five: glass -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute six: paper -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute seven: districtid -> unqiue maxima | required minima

Attributes of wastemanagement
attribute one: districtid -> unique maxima | required minima
attribute two: landfill -> singular maxima | required minima
attribute three: recycledorganic -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute four: recycledplastic -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute five: recycledmetal -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute six: recycledglass -> singular maxima | optional minima
attribute seven: recycledpaper -> singular maxima | optional minima

Attributes of wastefacility
attribute one: address -> unique maxima | required minima
attribute two: id -> unique maxima | required minima
attribute three: wastetypeprocessed -> singualr maxima | required minima

---------------------------------------------------------
Relationships for table State
There is one Primary Key for the table State (ID) that is referenced by County's Foreign Key 

Relationships for table County
There is one Primary Key for the table County (ID) that is referenced by Waste's CountyID Foreign Key
Also, There is one Foreign Key for the table County (StateID) which references the Primary Key of State. Upon updating State's Primary Key,
the Foreign Key will cascade those results. On deletion, the deletion will also be reflected in County.

Relationships for table Waste
waste has one Foreign Key that references County's Primary Key (ID). Upon updating, The Foreign Key will cascade the results into Waste. On deletion of the Primary Key,
this deletion will also be reflected in Waste.

Relationships for WasteFacility
WasteFacility has one Primary Key which is referenced by the Foreign Key belonging to WasteManagement.
WasteFacility also has a Foreign Key that references the Primary Key of County. Upon updating the Primary Key, these results will be cascaded into WasteFacility.
Upon deletion, the deletion will also be reflected in WasteFacility.

Relationships for Wastemanagement
Wastemanagement has one Foreign Key that references the Primary Key of WasteFacility. When the Primary Key updates, these updates will cascade into Wastemanagement. On deletion, the deletion should also be reflected in Wastemanagement.

---------------------------------------------------------

The supertype of this database is State
the subtypes of this database are County, WasteFacility, Waste, and WasteManagement

---------------------------------------------------------

All of the attributes maintained in this database are primarily integers, save 4 exceptions, which are StateName,CountyName, WasteTypeProcessed, and RecycleOrDump.

---------------------------------------------------------

The only plural attribute in the Database is WasteTypeProcessed which can have many types, paper,plastic,metal,organic, and glass. This attribute is a member of the table wastefacility and is a means of differentiating the possible waste types being processed by a particular facility.

---------------------------------------------------------

All of the Primary Keys in the Database are explicility NOT NULL. The case is the same for the two totalWaste values that must also be NOT NULL, as they are responsible for
holding the total amount of waste, both managed, and produced.

---------------------------------------------------------
